 (1) What do you understand By Database.

 ans-  A database is an organized collection of structured information, or data, typically stored electronically in a computer system. A database is usually controlled by a database management system (DBMS).

(2)  What is Normalization?

ans- Normalization is a database design technique that reduces data redundancy and eliminates undesirable characteristics like Insertion, Update and Deletion Anomalies. Normalization rules divides larger tables into smaller tables and links them using relationships. The purpose of Normalisation in SQL is to eliminate redundant (repetitive) data and ensure data is stored logically.

(3) What is Difference between DBMS and RDBMS?

ans- What is the Difference between DBMS and RDBMS? DBMS stands for Database Management System, and RDBMS is the acronym for the Relational Database Management system. In DBMS, the data is stored as a file, whereas in RDBMS, data is stored in the form of tables.

(4) What is MF Cod Rule of RDBMS Systems?

ans- Codd's twelve rules are a set of thirteen rules (numbered zero to twelve) proposed by Edgar F. Codd, a pioneer of the relational model for databases, designed to define what is required from a database management system in order for it to be considered relational, i.e., a relational database management system (RDBMS).


(5)  What do you understand By Data Redundancy?

ans- Data redundancy occurs when the same piece of data exists in multiple places, whereas data inconsistency is when the same data exists in different formats in multiple tables. Unfortunately, data redundancy can cause data inconsistency, which can provide a company with unreliable and/or meaningless information.

(6) What is DDL Interpreter?

ans- DDL Interpreter DDL expands to Data Definition Language. DDL Interpreter as the name suggests interprets the DDL statements such as schema definition statements like create, delete, etc. The result of this interpretation is a set of a table that contains the meta-data which is stored in the data dictionary.

(7)  What is DML Compiler in SQL?

ans- A data manipulation language (DML) is a computer programming language used for adding (inserting), deleting, and modifying (updating) data in a database. A DML is often a sublanguage of a broader database language such as SQL, with the DML comprising some of the operators in the language.

(8) What is SQL Key Constraints writing an Example of SQL Key Constraints

ans- SQL constraints are used to specify rules for the data in a table. Constraints are used to limit the type of data that can go into a table. This ensures the accuracy and reliability of the data in the table. If there is any violation between the constraint and the data action, the action is aborted.

(9)  What is save Point? How to create a save Point write a Query?

ans- Savepoint is a command in SQL that is used with the rollback command. · It is a command in Transaction Control Language that is used to mark the transaction in a save point.

                                       [save points]

- Savepoint is a command in SQL that is used with the rollback command.

- It is a command in Transaction Control Language that is used to mark the transaction in a table.

- Consider you are making a very long table, and you want to roll back only to a certain position in a table then; this can be achieved using the savepoint.

- If you made a transaction in a table, you could mark the transaction as a certain name, and later on, if you want to roll back to that point, you can do it easily by using the transaction's name.

- Savepoint is helpful when we want to roll back only a small part of a table and not the whole table. In simple words, we can say savepoint is a bookmark in SQL.

(10)  What is trigger and how to create a Trigger in SQL?

ans- A trigger is a special type of stored procedure that automatically runs when an event occurs in the database server. DML triggers run when a user tries to modify data through a data manipulation language (DML) event. DML events are INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statements on a table or view.

