(1)  What Is class in Object Oriented Programming Language?
ans - In object-oriented programming , a class is a template definition of the method s and variable s in a particular kind of object.

(2) What is an Objectin Object Oriented Programming Language?
ans - In object-oriented programming (OOP), objects are the things you think about first in designing a program and they are also the units of code that
 are eventually derived from the process.

(3) What Is Difference Between Class And Interface?
ans - A class can be instantiated i.e, objects of a class can be created. An Interface cannot be instantiated i.e, 
objects cannot be created. Classes does not support multiple inheritance.

(4) What Is Method Overloadingin Object Oriented Programming Language?
ans - Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a computer programming model that organizes software design around data, or objects,
 rather than functions and logic.

(5) What Is Data hidingin Object Oriented Programming Language?
 ans - Data hiding is an object-oriented programming (OOP) technique specifically used to hide internal object details (i.e., data members).
  Data hiding guarantees exclusive data access to class members only and protects and maintains object integrity by preventing intended or 
  unintended changes and intrusions.

(6) What are the differences between abstract classes and interfaces?
  ans - The Abstract class and Interface both are used to have abstraction. An abstract class contains an abstract keyword on the declaration
   whereas an Interface is a sketch that is used to implement a class.

(7) What are the Virtual Funconin Object Oriented Programming?
   ans - A virtual function is a member function that you expect to be redefined in derived classes. When you refer to a derived class object using
    a pointer or a reference to the base class, you can call a virtual function for that object and execute the derived class's version of the
     function.

(8) What is Constructorin Object Oriented Programming?
    ans - In class-based, object-oriented programming, a constructor (abbreviation: ctor) is a special type of subroutine called to create an object.
     It prepares the new object for use, often accepting arguments that the constructor uses to set required member variables.

(9) What is Abstract class in Object Oriented Programming?
    ans - An abstract class is a class that contains at least one abstract method. An abstract method is a method that is declared,
     but not implemented in the code.

(10) What is Final Keywordin Object Oriented Programming?
     ans - The final keyword is a non-access modifier used for classes, attributes and methods, which makes them non-changeable
      (impossible to inherit or override). The final keyword is useful when you want a variable to always store the same value,
       like The final keyword is called a "modifier".

(11) What is Pure Virtual funtionin Object Oriented Programming?
     ans - A pure virtual function or pure virtual method is a virtual function that is required to be implemented by a derived class if 
     the derived class is not abstract. Classes containing pure virtual methods are termed "abstract" 
     and they cannot be instantiated directly.

(12)What are Sealed Modifieri nObject Oriented Programming?
     ans - When applied to a class, the sealed modifier prevents other classes from inheriting from it. In the following example,
      class B inherits from class A , but no class can inherit from class B . You can also use the sealed modifier on a method or 
      property that overrides a virtual method or property in a base class.

(13) What is Dynamic orruntime Polymor phisminoops?
     ans - Runtime polymorphism, also known as the Dynamic Method Dispatch, is a process that resolves a call to an overridden method at runtime. 
     The process involves the use of the reference variable of a superclass to call for an overridden method.

(14) What is Access Modifierin Object Oriented Programming?
     ans - Access modifiers (or access specifiers) are keywords in object-oriented languages that set the accessibility of classes,
      methods, and other members. Access modifiers are a specific part of programming language syntax used to facilitate the encapsulation of
       components.

(15) What is Friend Function in Object Oriented Programming?
     ans - In object-oriented programming, a friend function, that is a "friend" of a given class, is a function that is given the same access
      as methods to private and protected data. A friend function is declared by the class that is granting access, so friend functions are part
       of the class interface, like methods.

(16) What is Over ridingin Object Oriented Programming?
    ans - Method overriding, in object-oriented programming, is a language feature that allows a subclass or child class to provide
     a specific implementation of a method that is already provided by one of its superclasses or parent classes.

(17) What is the role of mutable storage classs pecifier?
     ans - The mutable storage class specifier is used only on a class data member to make it modifiable even though the member is part of an
      object declared as const . You cannot use the mutable specifier with names declared as static or const , or reference members.



       
  
 
 
  
 

 







