(1) What is the difference between Applications of softwer and system software?

Ans. The system software is used for operating computer hardware. On the other hand Application software are installed according to user’s 
requirements.

(2) Explain the SDLC Each faceProcess

ans. Inception phase (analysis of the project's needs, goals, and scope). Elaboration phase (the design of a functional product architecture). Construction phase (coding of the architecture and creation of a deployable product) Transition phase (releasing the product to a production environment)

(3)  What is software?

ans. Software is a set of instructions, data or programs used to operate computers and execute specific tasks. It is the opposite of hardware, which describes the physical aspects of a computer. Software is a generic term used to refer to applications, scripts and programs that run on a device. It can be thought of as the variable part of a computer, while hardware is the invariable part.

(4) Types of software.

ans. The 3 types of computer software
System software. ...
Utility software. ...
Application software.

(5) What is Software Development Methodology?

ans. A software development methodology is a process by which developers design, implement and test new computer programs. Following a methodology benefits developers because these processes lay out a structured sequence of steps that guide professionals through each stage of development.

(6) What is DesignPattern?

ans. In software engineering, a design pattern is a general repeatable solution to a commonly occurring problem in software design. A design pattern isn't .

(7) Explain the SDLC Each faceProcess.

ans. Inception phase (analysis of the project's needs, goals, and scope). Elaboration phase (the design of a functional product architecture). Construction phase (coding of the architecture and creation of a deployable product) Transition phase (releasing the product to a production environment).





